README.md, before:

# AngularStarters

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Updating README
Updating README with the following:
- Netlify deploy status
- Basic description of the application

README.md, after:

# Angular Starters [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/7d62b101-725a-42bf-b894-c3e05d9a0f29/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/angular-starters-d/deploys)

Angular Starters is an Angular web app built to connect web developers with **Open Source** starter and themed projects to help get their own Angular projects off the ground and running! 

## Starters

Starters are Angular projects built on the base of a specific integration like:
* Headless CSM
* MongoDB Stitch
* Angular Universal
* and more...

## Themes

Themes are Angular projects built on a styling framework like:
* Angular Material UI
* TailwindCSS
* Bootstrap
* and more...

## General
This project was generated with Angular CLI version 9.0.4.

## Development server
Run ng serve for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding
Run ng generate component component-name to generate a new component. You can also use ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module.

## Build
Run ng build to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the dist/ directory. Use the --prod flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests
Run ng test to execute the unit tests via Karma.

## Running end-to-end tests
Run ng e2e to execute the end-to-end tests via Protractor.

## Further help
To get more help on the Angular CLI use ng help or go check out the Angular CLI README.

Angular Starters is an Angular web app built to connect web developers with Open Source starter and themed projects to help get their own Angular projects off the ground and running!
